exercising is essential when you are
determined to leave a couple of those
unwanted pounds on your thighs there are
a different approaches to working out
the majority of people spend hours in
the gym trying to achieve a perfect
figure but all you need is a couple of
simple exercises that you can easily do
even at home and they will work out not
only your hips but your abs and legs as
well so without further ado here are
five exercises that will help you lose
thigh fat not only effectively but also
very quickly do this little workout with
us every morning and you won't believe
the results
[Music]
exercise number one bridge the basic pit
bridge is one of the most common and
plastic exercises for losing sight back
so let's get to it shall we
first of all lie on your back bend your
knees while keeping your feet flat on
the floor then raise your hips off the
floor
your body will form a straight line from
your shoulders to your knees freeze in
this position for about one or two
seconds and then slowly lower back down
we're setting the clock up let's start
the basic hip bridge works not only your
hips and butt but also your stomach and
back among its other positive effects
are reducing pain in the knees and the
back and improving posture yeah you will
get all of this if you do it regularly
how are you doing by the way keep going
actually there are also other types of
bridges you can try such as a single leg
bridge inverted bridge narrow bridge and
others but concentrate on a basic hip
bridge for now
[Music]
and well done let's move right along to
the next exercise exercise number two
lunches of course you've heard about
lunges this simple exercise will help
you achieve not only beautiful thighs
but also strong and awesome legs let's
begin first and foremost stand with your
feet slightly apart and then take a big
step forward with your right leg in this
position your side has to be parallel to
the floor lower your body until your
right knee is at a 90 degree angle then
return to the starting position and your
time starts now
lunges are exceptionally great for
strengthening your muscles and improving
both your coordination and flexibility
they build and sculpt different muscles
including your quadriceps hamstrings and
guity as Maximus Plus lunges are very
easy to do as they do not require any
special equipment
you're doing great keep going
[Music]
you can also try performing lunges with
dumbbells to make it more challenging or
side lunges which will work both your
inner and outer side okay one more time
good job
exercise number three a single leg
circle another important exercise that
you should add to your workout list if
you want to lose some thigh fat it takes
only a couple of minutes but gives it
great effect in the long run so here's
how you should do it to begin with lie
on your back with your legs extended
your arms should be placed at your sides
with your palms facing down
lift your right leg over the ground so
that it'll point to the ceiling circle
your leg clockwise and counterclockwise
and then lower it back down do the same
thing with your left leg increase the
size of the circle you make gradually
are you ready let's go
[Music]
the single-leg circle is originally one
of the Pilates exercises for improving
your core strength and pelvis remember
not to let your hips or shoulders lift
off the floor this is one of the key
factors of this exercise because only
while you keep your shoulders and hips
stable do your abs get a proper workout
[Music]
you also have to breathe correctly
inhale for the first half of your leg
circle and then exhale for the second
half repeat after me
inhale exhale yes exactly like that and
stop
exercise number four leg lifts and whole
leg lifts and hold is another great way
to work your thighs legs and abs as you
probably already know pretty much every
exercise routine includes this
productive and basic workout and we
also doing it right now the algorithm
from doing listen holes is simple the
first thing you have to do is to lie
down on the mat facing upwards
placing your legs close to each other
then lift them up about a hand length
over the ground while keeping your knees
and ankles held together hold your legs
in this position for a couple of seconds
and then lower them back down one two
three go
[Music]
remember it's important not to lift your
shoulder all your legs should be working
it might be hard at the beginning but
keep working the results you'll get are
worth it
[Music]
- great a couple more times like hip
bridges there are different kinds of leg
lifts for example you can place the ball
between your feet while lifting them for
an additional service
[Music]
we are almost done nice job now you're
ready to do the final exercise exercise
number five squats every good workout
contains good old squats it is
undoubtedly one of the most popular and
effective exercises ever and it's a
final part of our exercise routine so
let's get to it
stand with your feet slightly apart and
then bend in a sitting position and so
your sides are parallel to the floor
stay in this position for some time and
then go back up
you know what to do now let's get
started
squats trained a lot of muscle groups
such as quadriceps and hamstrings as
well as making your bone stronger
they'll help you build muscle lose
weight get toned and be overall stronger
and healthier who doesn't want that
right well you're already on your way to
all of it don't forget to keep your arms
parallel to the floor as well not then
too quickly or flips our stomach too far
forward there's no need to rush just
slow down and do a proper job
[Music]
one more time and we're done how are you
feeling there don't forget to do all of
these exercises every day it will take
only a couple of minutes but it will
sure make you energized and determined
it's important to take some time for
yourself and your own improvement and
regular exercising is a true key to good
health and beauty so are there any other
exercises that helped you lose thigh fat
tell us your opinions and stories in the
comment section below don't forget to
hit the like button below the video and
share it with your friends if you want
to see more videos like this then click
Subscribe stay beautiful